♪ Yesterday,
there was so many things ♪
♪ I was never told ♪
♪ Now that I'm startin'
to learn ♪
♪ I feel I'm growin' old ♪
♪ 'Cause yesterday's got nothin'
for me ♪
♪ Old pictures that
I'll always see ♪
♪ Time just fades the pages ♪
♪ In my book of memories ♪
♪ Prayers in my pocket ♪
♪ And no hand in destiny ♪
♪ I'll keep on movin' along ♪
♪ With no time
to plant my feet ♪
♪ 'Cause yesterday's got nothin'
for me ♪
♪ Old pictures that
I'll always see ♪
♪ Some things could be better ♪
♪ If we'd all just let them be ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Yesterday's got nothin'
for me ♪
♪ Yesterday's ♪
[screams]
♪ Got nothin' for me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yesterday there were
so many things ♪
♪ I was never shown ♪
♪ Suddenly this time I found ♪
♪ I'm on the streets
and I'm all alone ♪
♪ Yesterday's got nothin'
for me ♪
♪ Old pictures that
I'll always see ♪
♪ I ain't got time
to reminisce old novelties ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Yesterday's got nothin'
for me ♪
♪ Yesterday's ♪
[screams]
♪ Got nothin' for me ♪
♪ Yesterday's ♪
♪ Yesterday ♪